[OSDOCS-3716]: Add etcd hardware recommendations (#47415)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/recommended-etcd-practices.adoc

Because etcd writes data to disk and persists proposals on disk, its performance depends on disk performance. Slow disks and disk activity from other processes can cause long fsync latencies. Those latencies can cause etcd to miss heartbeats, not commit new proposals to the disk on time, and ultimately experience request timeouts and temporary leader loss. Run etcd on machines that are backed by SSD or NVMe disks with low latency and high throughput. Consider single-level cell (SLC) solid-state drives (SSDs), which provide 1 bit per memory cell, are durable and reliable, and are ideal for write-intensive workloads.

The following hard disk features support optimal etcd performance:

* Low latency to support fast read operation.
* High-bandwidth writes for faster compactions and defragmentation.
* High-bandwidth reads for faster recovery from failures.
* Solid state drives as a minimum selection, however NVME drives are preferred.
* Server-grade hardware from various manufacturers for increased reliability.

> * RAID 0 or RAID 1 configurations for reliable data.

Reviewer: nit: RAID 0 is for performance, RAID 1 for reliability. I would stress that RAID 1 is not necessary in the context of etcd, as your data is already replicated over three nodes.

> * Dedicated etcd drives for heavy input-output workloads, such as log files.

Reviewer: the meaning I wanted to convey here is that customers should **not** co-locate the log files on the same drives that etcd uses. Can you rework that sentence to make it clear please?

> * Dedicated etcd drives. Do not locate log files or other heavy workloads on etcd drives.

Reviewer 2: The word locate sounds kind of strange in this way. Maybe "place" would read better here, what do you think? 
```suggestion
* Dedicated etcd drives. Do not place log files or other heavy workloads on etcd drives.
```

> Avoid network or spinning drives. Always benchmark using utilities such as `fio` or _etcd troubleshooting tools on {product-title}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid NAS or SAN setups and spinning drives. Always benchmark using utilities such as `fio` or _etcd troubleshooting tools on {product-title}_. And continuously monitor the performance of your cluster as it grows.
```
